Update overview page for service catalog (#21093)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/service_catalog/_index.md

## Overview

> Datadog [Service Catalog][1] provides a consolidated view of your services, collating ownership metadata, performance insights, security analysis, cost allocation, and much more. It makes it easy for organizations to achieve end-to-end service ownership at scale, get real-time performance insights, detect and address reliability and security risks, and manage application dependencies all in one place. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Datadog [Service Catalog][1] provides a consolidated view of your services, combining ownership metadata, performance insights, security analysis, cost allocation, and much more. It makes it easy for organizations to achieve end-to-end service ownership at scale, get real-time performance insights, detect and address reliability and security risks, and manage application dependencies all in one place. 
```

> ### Use Cases

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Use cases
```

> #### Service Discovery

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Service discovery
```

- Datadog Service Catalog includes all discovered services from APM, USM, and RUM by default. If you are using any of these products, your catalog is pre-populated with entries.

> - As you instrument more applications across your environments, they will automatically be added to the Service Catalog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- As you instrument more applications across your environments, they are automatically added to the Service Catalog.
```

#### Governance 
- Providing engineering leadership with a high-level view of reliability practices across teams and services.
- Proactively identifying services exposed to application attacks.
- Reducing application risks by finding and fixing known security vulnerabilities in the dependencies of your services.
- Understanding trends and identifying inefficiencies in the costs related to your services.

> #### Evaluate Monitoring Coverage  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Evaluate monitoring coverage  
```

- Detecting which services aren’t reporting observability data or having that data monitored.

> - Facilitating [tagging best practices][6] and checks for recommended setup configurations to optimize [cross-telemetry insights][7].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Facilitating [tagging best practices][6] and checking for recommended setup configurations to optimize [cross-telemetry insights][7].
```

- Spotting issues like missing SLOs, monitors, or services without ownership.

> #### Streamline Collaboration During Incidents

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Streamline collaboration during incidents
```

> - Improving the on-call experience for everyone by establishing correct ownership information and communication channels, alongside easy access to monitoring and troubleshooting details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improving the on-call experience for everyone by establishing correct ownership information and communication channels, alongside streamlined access to monitoring and troubleshooting details.
```
